Use jinja templating in rule messages (#535)
MarketSquare/robotframework-robocop: docs/external_rules.rst

    self.param("name-of-the-rule", "name-of-param")

Templated rule messages
------------------------
When defining rule messages you can use `jinja` templates. The most basic usage is supplying variables to rule message::

    rules = {
        "9001": Rule(
            rule_id="9001",
            name="my-rule",
            msg="You can supply variables like {{ variable }} or {{ number }}. "
                "Basic {% if number==10 %}jinja {% endif %}syntax supported",
            severity=RuleSeverity.ERROR
        )
    }

> Variables needs to be passed as kwargs to report() method::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables need to be passed by name to report() method::
```

>     self.report("my-rule", variable="some string", "number"=10, node=node)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    self.report("my-rule", variable="some string", number=10, node=node)
```

        )
    }

> Variables need to be passed by name to report() method::

Reviewer: I think that looks more understandable:
```suggestion
Variables need to be passed to report() method by their name::
```
